[docs] Refactor "Selectors" (#4799)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/selector/withattribute.md

---
layout: docs
title: Selector.withAttribute Method
permalink: /documentation/reference/test-api/selector/withattribute.html
---
# Selector.withAttribute Method

Finds elements that contain the specified attribute and, optionally, attribute value.

```text
Selector().withAttribute(attrName [, attrValue]) → Selector
```

Argument                     | Type                 | Description
----------------------------- | -------------------- | -------
`attrName`                    | String &#124; RegExp | The attribute name. This parameter is case-sensitive.
`attrValue`&#160;*(optional)* | String &#124; RegExp | The attribute value. This parameter is case-sensitive. You can omit it to select elements that have the `attrName` attribute regardless of the value.

> If `attrName` or `attrValue` is a string, `withAttribute` selects an element by strict match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `attrName` or `attrValue` is a string, `withAttribute` uses **strict match** to select an element.
```
